Create for a Digit hunter pro analysis tool with:
95% accuracy rate(industry_leading precision in trade prediction)
Real_time analysis (instant market data processing and signals)
Risk management (Advanced a logarithms to minimize losses)
Smart prediction (AI_powered market trend analysis)
Indicators(AO MOMENTUM, MACD to gauge the direction and strength of candlesticks and MOVING AVERAGES To determine the markets overall trend)
Smart alerts (get notified instantly when market condition meet the criteria, price alerts, pattern recognition,multi_plartforms)
The tool should be able to analyze all volatilities and give a perfect entry 
Have a system control part where there will be a part to press and the tool to start taking feeds from the trading platform and also  a part to press and the tool to stop taking feeds from the trading platform
An analysis depth part where one can insert number of depth to be analyzed 
A fetch count part where one can insert number of fetch count number to be used and the dynamic fetch should always be on and be able to be running legally in the tool 
A signal log part that show how the tool is scanning all the volatilities markets
A part showing market signal that is showing the market chosen by the tool and also a part showing signal validity time which should be constant 35 seconds 
A part showing Trade recommendation,that is should have Buy and sell  showing the predicted digit to be used as the matching digit 
A part showing the frequency of the signal
Display the predicted digit with the corresponding percentage 
Real_time market data (live updates for various volatility indices)
Digit frequency chart (visual representation of how often each digit appears in recent price ticks)
Probability indicators (display the likelihood of specific outcomes example match,differs,over,under, even,odd)
Comprehensive trading performance analysis and reporting tools, performance matrixs, Trade history and custom reports
Advanced charts (professional charting tools with multiple timeframes and technical indicators that is 50+ smart indicators to help in archiving the full potential of the tool, custom alerts)
Real time execution (lightning _ fast order execution with minimal latency for optimal trade entry and exit points)
Continuous innovation (regular updates and new features to keep it a head in the trading game or cycle)
Digit statistics and frequency analysis,tick data analysis, fetch and display data on the frequency of each digit (0-9) that appears as the last digit of a tick over various time intervals
Historical performance tracking (to maintain a history of past ticks to help it identify trends and patterns in digit accuracy)
Percentage monitoring (to truck the continuous,real_time occurrence percentage of specific digits, looking for conditions where a digit is over or under represented)
Condition and pattern recognition:
Green and red bar analysis (the tool to be able to identify and show "green" and "red" bars to represent percentages for digits either above or below a certain value, indicating potential price movement)
Specific pattern identification (tool to be able to identify prices patterns such as tracking when a specific last digit appears on a particular tick count)


Requirements the tool it must look for it to give 1 as a matching digit:
. Digit 3 should have green bar
. Digit 6 should have a red bar but increasing in percentage and not decreasing in percentage 
.The percentage of digit 1 should be higher than the percentage of digit 2
If the above requirements are met the tool should give the matching digit as 1 as a strong signal that will last for 35 seconds with a guaranteed appearance of digit 1 to be more than five times with the signal validity time frame or another requirements for matching digit 1 signal is that:
Digit 1 should have the green bar at 11.4% to 11.6%
Digit 7 or 9 should have the reb bar with 9.1% and below
If the requirements are met the tool should give the matching signal as match digit 1

Requirements for the tool to give digit 2 as a matching digit:
. green bar should be at digit 7(must)
. Digit 2 have 10% or 10.1% or 9.9%
. Digit 3 and 8 percentages should be opposite, that is one should increase while another one should decrease and vice versa.if the requirements are met the tool should give 2 as the strong matching digit that last 35 seconds with a guaranteed appearance of the matching digit more than five times 

Requirements for 3 to be a matching digit:
. Digit 6 should have the green bar and should be decreasing in percentage 
. Digit 3 should have a percentage more than 9.5% but less than 11%
. Digit 1 should be constant in percentage.if these requirements are met the tool should give the signal of 3 as the matching digit for 35 seconds with a guaranteed appearance of the matching digit more than five times. Or other requirements are:
. Digit 0 should have the green bar 
. Digit 9 should have the reb bar 
. Digit 3 should have an increasing percentage close to the percentage of the of digit with the green bar.if these requirements are met the tool should give 3 as the matching digit for 35 seconds with a guaranteed appearance of the matching digit more than five times 

Requirements for digit 4 to be a matching digit:
. Digit 5 should have a green bar and it should be more than 11%
. Digit 9 should have the reb bar 
. Digit 1 should be less than 10%
. Digit 4 should be above 10% if the requirements are met the tool should give 4 as the matching signal digit that last 35 seconds with a guaranteed appearance of the matching digit more than five times.Or other requirements for 4 to be a matching digit signal:
. Digit 6 should at 11.7% and still have the green bar 
. Digit 1 should be at 8.3% with the red bar.if these requirements are met the tool should give 4 as the matching signal digit that last 35 seconds with a guaranteed appearance of the matching digit more than five times 

Requirements for digit 5 to be a matching digit signal:
. Digit 2 should have the green bar and should be constant in percentage that it should not increase or decrease 
. Digit 0 should be constant but below 10% 
. Digit 5 should be above 10% but increasing with 0.1%. if these requirements are met the tool should give 5 as matching digit signal for 35 seconds with a guaranteed appearance of the matching digit more than five times Or other requirements are:
. Digit 8 should have the green bar 
. Digit 1 should be decreasing in percentage but above 10%
. Digit 3 should be constant in percentage. If these requirements are met the tool should give the matching digit signal to be 5  that last for 35 seconds with a guaranteed appearance of the matching digit more than five times.Or other requirements are:
. Digit 0 should be less than 9% and have the reb bar 
. Digit 5 should have the green bar and  increasing in percentage at 11% and above. if the requirements for digit 5 matching signal,the tool should give the matching digit 5 to be used as the matching digit signal for 35 seconds with a guaranteed appearance of more than five times 

Requirements for digit 6 to be used as a matching digit:
. Make sure three even numbers are below 10%
.The digit with the red bar should be at over 6 digit and it should be ODD digit 
. Digit 5 and 7 should be decreasing in terms of percentage.if the these requirements are met the tool should give the matching digit as 6 and give the matching digit more than five times in 35 seconds.

Requirements for digit 7 to be a matching digit signal:
. Digit 7 should have a green bar 
. Digit 0 should have a red bar 
. Digit 8 should have 11% and above.if these requirements are met the tool should give the matching digit to be 7 and the matching digit more than five times in 35 seconds Or other requirements are:
. Digit 0 should have the green bar 
. Digit 9 have the reb bar 
. Digit 7 should have an increasing percentage closer to the percentage of digit with the green bar. If these requirements are met the tool should give 7 as the matching digit or signal valid for 35 seconds with a guaranteed appearance of more than five times 

Requirements for digit 8 to be a matching digit signal:
. At least 4 even numbers should be above 10% since the predicted digit is a even number 
. Digit 1 should have a red bar 
. Digit 1 and 7 should be constant in percentages
. Green bar should be at any ODD digit and should be above 11% .if these requirements are met the tool should give 8 as the matching digit signal for 35 seconds with a guaranteed appearance of more than five times 

Requirements for digit 9 to be a matching digit:
. Green bar should be in an even digit 
. Digit 0 should have the reb bar 
. Digit 5 should be below 10%
. Digit 9 should be increasing in percentage. If these requirements are met the tool should give the matching digit signal to be 9 for the matching digit signal for 35 seconds with a guaranteed appearance of more than five times.


TRADING EVEN MARKET 
Requirements for the tool  to give a signal on even market strategy:
.Make sure the green bar is on an even market 
.The digit with the green bar should be above 12.1% and above 
.Make sure at least Three even numbers have 10% and above 
. Make sure the Red bar is on even market.if these requirements are met the tool should give a signal of even lasting for 35 seconds with a guaranteed appearance of more than five times of even numbers 


TRADING ODD MARKET
Requirements for the tool to give signal for ODD MARKET:
 .Make sure green bar is on Odd market 
.The digit with the green bar should be above 12.1% and above 
. Make sure at least three odd numbers have 10% and above. If these requirements are met the tool should give the signal on the the odd market as odd .the signal should last for 35 seconds with a guaranteed appearance of more than five times of the odd digits


UNDER MARKET 
Requirements for the tool to give signal for under 9 market:
.Make sure the green bar is at odd digits below digit 9
.Make sure the Red bar is at odd digits below digit 9
. Make sure digit 9 has percentage less than 10%.if these requirements are met the tool should give signal for under 9 market for 35 seconds with a guaranteed appearance of more than five times 

Requirements for the tool to give signal for under 8 market: 
. Make sure the green bar is at even digits below digit 8
.Make sure the Red bar is at even digits below digit 8 
. Make sure digit 8 and 9 has percentage less than 10%. If these requirements are met the tool should give signal for under 8 for 35 seconds with a guaranteed appearance of more than five times 

Requirements for the tool to give signal for under 7 market:
.Make sure the green bar is to odd digits below digit 7
.Make sure the Red bar is at odd digits below digit 7.
.Make sure digit 7,8 and 9 has percentage less than 10% .if these requirements are met the tool should give signal for under 7 market that last 35 seconds with a guaranteed appearance of more than five times 

Requirements for the tool to give signal for under 6 market:
.Make sure the green bar is on even digits below digit 8 
. Make sure the Red bar is at even digits below digit 8 
.Make sure digit 6,7,8 and 9 has percentage less than 10%. If these requirements are met the tool should give a signal for under 6 market that last for 35 seconds with a guaranteed appearance of more than five times 

Requirements for the tool to give signal for under 5 :
.Make sure the green bar is at odd digits below digit 5
.Make sure the Red bar is at odd digits below digit 5
.Make sure digit under 5 digit have (strong) percentage .if these requirements are met the tool should give signal for 35 seconds with a guaranteed appearance of more than five times 

Requirements for the tool to give signal for under 4: 
.Make sure the green bar is at even digits below digit 4
.Make sure the Red bar is at even digits below digit 4
.Make sure the digits uder 4  have strong percentage.if these requirements are met the tool should give signal for under 4 market that last 35 seconds with a guaranteed appearance of more than five times under 4 market.

Requirements for the tool to give signal for under 3 market.
.Make sure the green bar is at odd digits below digit 3 or 1
.Make sure the Red bar is at odd digits above digit 3
.Make sure digit under 5 digits have stronger percentage. If these requirements are met the tool should give the signal for under 3 market that last 35 seconds with a guaranteed appearance of more than five times.


OVER MARKETS
Requirements for the tool to give signal for over 1 market:
. Digit 0 and 1 are less than 10%
. Green and red bars should not be on digit 0 and 1
. Digit 0 and 1 should be increasing or decreasing in percentage 
.The green bar to be on an odd digit.if these requirements are met the tool should give signal for over 1 market that last 35 seconds.

Requirements for the tool to give signal for over 2 market:
. Digit 0,1 and 2 are less than 10% 
. Green and red bars should not be on digit 0,1 or 2
. Digit 0,1 or 2 should be increasing or decreasing in percentage 
. Green bar to be at even digits. If the requirements are met the tool should give signal for over 2 market 

Requirements for the tool to give signal for over 3 market:
. Digit 0,1,2,3 should be less than 10%
.Red and green should not be on digit 0,1,2 or 3
. Digit 0,1,2 and 3 should be increasing or decreasing in percentage 
. Green bar to be at odd digit
.Red bar to be at odd digit.if the requirements are met the tool should give signal for over 3 market 

Requirements for the tool to give signal for over 4:
. Digit less than 4 at least Three are less than 10%
. Green and red bar should not be on 0,1,2,3 or 4 
. Digit 0,1,2 and 4 should be increasing or decreasing in percentage 
. Green bar to be even digit
.Red bar to be at even digit. If these requirements are met the tool should give the signal for over 4 that last 35 seconds.

Requirements for the tool to give signal for over 5 markets:
. Make sure at least Three of digits less than are less than 10%
. Avoid the green bar or red bar at either digits less than digit 5
. Keenly watch on those less than 5 and make sure they are constant 
. Green bar to be at odd digit
.Red bar to be at odd digit.if the requirements are met the tool should give signal for over 5 market.

Requirements for the tool to give signal for over 6 market:
.Make sure green bar is at 8 (must) since there is no any even digit above digit 6
.Red bar should on digit less than digit 6 and should be an even digit 
.make sure almost two digits on over 6 have 11% and above.
If these requirements are met the tool should give signal for over 6 market.

Requirements for the tool to give signal for over 7 market:
.Make sure green bar at digit 9 or 1(must)
.Red bar should be at either 5 or 3 only.
.Make sure digits above 7 are increasing rapidly.if these requirements are met the tool should give signal for over 7 market that last 35 seconds with a guaranteed appearance of more than five times
